keriazisD -- 2018-10-16 13:19
Began devlog

liK -- 2018-10-16 23:40
Modified component map to be more specific to our project
Made breakdown of roles more thorough

ngR -- 2018-10-16 23:44
We should attempt to maintain backwards compatibility between updates. We will attempt to do this by practicing semantic versioning (https://semver.org/). We will also set standards for our code to make it as easy as possible to work with as a team.

ngR -- 2018-10-17 12:53
Added design.pdf to repo

keriazisD -- 2018-10-17 hh:mm
Added flask starter kit

